docs(css): Fx116 - Update "offset-position" property syntax (#27726)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/ray/index.md

{{CSSRef}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`ray()`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [function](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Functions) defines a line segment that begins from an {{cssxref("offset-position")}} and extends in the direction of the specified angle. The line segment is referred to as "ray". The length of a ray can be constrained by specifying a size and using the `contain` keyword.

```css
ray() = ray( <angle> && <ray-size>? && contain? )
<ray-size> = closest-side | closest-corner | farthest-side | farthest-corner | sides
```

The `ray()` function is used in [CSS motion path](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_motion_path). It is used as a value for the [`offset-path`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset-path) property to define the path that an animated element can follow. The element is initially positioned by moving the element's [`offset-anchor`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/offset-anchor) point to the path's offset starting position.

> > **Note:** The default offset starting position of a ray is the `left top` corner (or `0 0`) of the element box (that is, `offset-position` is `auto`). With `offset-position: normal`, the starting position of the ray is `50%, 50%` of the containing block.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** The default offset starting position of a ray is `auto`. If `offset-position: auto` is explicitly or allowed to default, the offset starting position is the `left top` corner (or `0 0`) of the element box. With `offset-position: normal`, the starting position of the ray is `50%, 50%` of the containing block.
```

Wordier, but I find this easier to understand.

Author: I just checked today - there is another Fx issue in this release for which this note will need to be removed - a new parameter getting added to ray()'s syntax. I'll leave this as is for now.

Author: I went ahead and incorporated the suggested change after all. As long as this is out there before I come out with an updated version of the page, the text should be clear. Thanks 👍

{{CSSRef}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

> The **`ray()`** [CSS](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS) [function](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Functions) defines a line segment that begins from an {{cssxref("offset-position")}} and extends in the direction of the specified angle. The line segment is referred to as "ray". The length of a ray can be constrained by specifying a size and using the `contain` keyword.

Reviewer: move the css example, that comes right after the syntax in ##syntax between the first and second paragraphs.
